It's a small window, but we'll take it. It's a small window by a few votes, by a fraction of a hair.
I see fear in their hearts. I'm seeing it prophetically. We work on those hearts.
They're just there. It's just a few people. The Lord said, "I'd give you a few.
You pray over those just right there."He said, "You see that group right there?
I see them. It's a huddle. It's just a few."One, two, three. I'm counting their faces: four, five, six, seven. And then there's one predominant one. Pray over these few.
The Senate voted 60 to 40 to back a revamp of the GOP funding bill that would keep the government open until the end of January.
Eight Democrats joined Republicans to pass the bill, including Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin, Senators Tim Kaine, Kathryn Cortez Masto, and Jacky Rosen, among others.
A seed on their minds. It's pressure from the outside. It's pressure on them to make this decision.
"You do what we tell you to do."I hear it. There's pressure, but it's about money.
"You do what we tell you to do or we cut off the money. Your election is coming up next year."I see the plan.
I see fires. If we can just get them to flip right there, it will be over.
These people are not too far from it; they're right on the edge.
But they're being pushed by these other outside sources and they're being told, "You do what we tell you to do."Great influence is on them for pressure from their party, but they're so close.
It's by a hair. We just have to push it over by the spirit right now.
We call it in as they're sleeping, as the Lord is working on their hearts. At the midnight hour, we call a turnaround.
We call a turnaround over their hearts: a fear of the Lord, a sensible budget, a sensible coming to the table.
We're calling it in right now in Jesus'name. We will not have riots in this nation.
You'll not burn our buildings. You'll not steal from us. They'll not have all this chaos. We call peace over this nation in the name of Jesus.
We'll have peace over this nation, over every state: over Arkansas, over Oklahoma, over Texas.
I see even concerning Ukraine. This money is for influence in Ukraine. Should I say that out loud? Pork.
The arrow goes from Washington, D.C., into Ukraine to Kyiv for special interests.
They're trying to protect this, but that money is not accounted for. There's no accountability over that money.
It goes in extension to Ukraine and there's no accountability there.
You draw your own conclusion. It's 15 billion. Is that 15 million?
That's a big number. There is money there. I just see the money funneling.
Stiff-necked people with a bad agenda. Darkness in the corners.
I see labs, medical labs, science projects. They look like biolabs.
They have white outfits on and I see white counters. Same thing with Fauci.
Why are they racing so hard? It's touching special interests, pet projects.
I'm seeing New Year's Eve in Times Square. I see the two men on CNN. New York will look so much different at this time.
New York City has elected Democratic Assemblyman Zohran Mamdani to be its next mayor.
New York will look so much different by this time. It's like no hope for some.
Sad. America looks so different in 2026. There's so much expectation for the beginning of the new race.
Every year you're optimistic. What does this year hold? You can feel that charge in the atmosphere.
I feel it. Everybody wants a blessing; they want the New Year's resolution.
They're expecting. I'm in Times Square; I can see it. It's so clear, but I feel a sadness there.
I see those two men. I just camp there, trying to figure out why the Lord brought me there.
Now I'm back in Ukraine. I hear John Lennon. "Imagine."I can hear this song playing.
"Imagine."Lord, Holy Spirit, what are you showing me all this for?
"Imagine all the people."It's in New York. I just saw a flash. I can see the building. I hear the people screaming.
Whenever you are in a crowd, you hear them yelling and running. What year is this?
I thank you, Father, that every plot and every plan is uncovered in Jesus'name.
I plead the blood over my mind. It looks like a teardrop, and the way it goes out looks like a teardrop.
It's like when you take a flash on a camera, but this is yellow.
It looks like a yellow flash in the middle, almost like when you hold a match, but this is massive.
It goes out like a flash of light. It moves in this one area and moves out, looking like fire but shaped like a teardrop.
I hear women screaming. I can see this move out like this. It doesn't just go out on the sides; it goes up and down.
A flash of light. I see that man's face who is running for mayor.
He spoke before me right then. I see his face. I have my assumptions of what that is.
I'm seeing a little bit more. To the eagle, to fatally wound the eagle.
This is the man with the black hoodie again. Remember I told you? It's the enemy within.